README.md, before:

# Power BI Histogram Chart by Microsoft Custom Visual

Power BI custom visual file (`.pbiviz`) for Histogram Chart 2.1.1 by Microsoft

## 🧪 Loading the custom visual in Power BI

Click on the ellipses under the "Visualizations" section and select "Import a visual from file".

![image](https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/b4c0fc90-31ab-4c94-ac98-39f1f7fe8095)

Power BI may prompt a warning message. Click "Import".

![image](https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/830c6de9-c9a7-4953-b74b-37f250700a38)

Locate and select the `microsoft-histogram-chart-2.1.1.pbiviz` file.

![image](https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/d90f68e2-6df9-41c8-9feb-37fe230a89e1)

Power BI should prompt a success message.

![image](https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/c846288a-84a8-4bc0-97a9-c44c533fdf62)

The histogram icon should show up under the "Visualizations" section.

![image](https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/2b6d97a7-f680-4e95-abe4-0bc165576484)



## ❓ Why not add directly from AppSource?

In 2022, Microsoft's "Histogram Chart" custom visual disappeared from AppSource without any official comments from Microsoft. The [original page](https://store.office.com/en-us/app.aspx?assetid=WA104380776&sourcecorrid=e26ecce9-0b9e-47f4-9c7a-a023465dafdc&searchapppos=0&ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US&appredirect=false) for the custom visual returns a 404.

<img width="500" alt="powerbi-marketplace-microsoft-histogram-chart" src="https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/9f6d8229-b814-46a7-9228-ad20e8351334">

### Related discussions

- [Power BI Community - Microsoft Histogram Chart](https://community.fabric.microsoft.com/t5/Desktop/Microsoft-Histogram-Chart/td-p/2971391)
- [Power BI Community - Power BI Histogram No Longer in Maketplace](https://community.fabric.microsoft.com/t5/Issues/Power-BI-Histogram-No-Longer-in-Maketplace/idi-p/2676863)
- [Power BI Community - Histogram Chart visual unavailable](https://community.fabric.microsoft.com/t5/Issues/Histogram-Chart-visual-unavailable/idi-p/2628546)


## 🔨 Where did the `microsoft-histogram-chart-2.1.1.pbiviz` file come from?

Because the file is no longer available anywhere, I extracted it from one of my old `.pbix` files.


## 📌 Disclaimer

- I do not own any code or assets packaged inside the `.pbiviz` file.
- For original source code, see the official repository ([https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram](https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram)). 
- I am sharing the `.pbiviz` file here because...
  - The [official repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram) does not include a packaged file and the custom visual is no longer available anywhere.
  - The [official repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram) is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/microsoft/powerbi-visuals-histogram/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

[README] Add download link and add spacing between screenshots

README.md, after:

# Power BI Histogram Chart by Microsoft Custom Visual

Power BI custom visual file (`.pbiviz`) for Histogram Chart 2.1.1 by Microsoft

## 🧪 Loading the custom visual in Power BI

👇 Download the `.pbiviz` file below.

- [microsoft-histogram-chart-2.1.1.pbiviz](https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/releases/download/v2.2.1/microsoft-histogram-chart-2.1.1.pbiviz)
<br /><br />

👇 Click on the ellipses under the "Visualizations" section and select "Import a visual from file".

<img width="280" src="https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/b4c0fc90-31ab-4c94-ac98-39f1f7fe8095">
<br /><br />

👇 Power BI may prompt a warning message. Click "Import".

<img width="640" src="https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/830c6de9-c9a7-4953-b74b-37f250700a38">
<br /><br />

👇 Locate and select the `microsoft-histogram-chart-2.1.1.pbiviz` file.

<img width="480" src="https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/d90f68e2-6df9-41c8-9feb-37fe230a89e1">
<br /><br />

👇 Power BI should prompt a success message.

<img width="400" src="https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/c846288a-84a8-4bc0-97a9-c44c533fdf62">
<br /><br />

👇 If you see the histogram chart icon under the "Visualizations" section, the visual is ready to be used.

<img width="280" src="https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/2b6d97a7-f680-4e95-abe4-0bc165576484">
<br />

## ❓ Why not add directly from AppSource?

In 2022, Microsoft's "Histogram Chart" custom visual disappeared from AppSource without any official comments from Microsoft. The [original page](https://store.office.com/en-us/app.aspx?assetid=WA104380776&sourcecorrid=e26ecce9-0b9e-47f4-9c7a-a023465dafdc&searchapppos=0&ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US&appredirect=false) for the custom visual returns a 404.

<img width="500" alt="powerbi-marketplace-microsoft-histogram-chart" src="https://github.com/subwaymatch/power-bi-histogram-chart-visual-by-microsoft-legacy/assets/1064036/9f6d8229-b814-46a7-9228-ad20e8351334">

### Related discussions

- [Power BI Community - Microsoft Histogram Chart](https://community.fabric.microsoft.com/t5/Desktop/Microsoft-Histogram-Chart/td-p/2971391)
- [Power BI Community - Power BI Histogram No Longer in Maketplace](https://community.fabric.microsoft.com/t5/Issues/Power-BI-Histogram-No-Longer-in-Maketplace/idi-p/2676863)
- [Power BI Community - Histogram Chart visual unavailable](https://community.fabric.microsoft.com/t5/Issues/Histogram-Chart-visual-unavailable/idi-p/2628546)


## 📌 Notes and Disclaimers

- I do not own any code or assets packaged inside the `.pbiviz` file.
- For original source code, see the official repository ([https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram](https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram)). 
- I am sharing the `.pbiviz` file here because...
  - The [official repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram) does not include a packaged file and the custom visual is no longer available anywhere.
  - The [official repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/PowerBI-visuals-histogram) is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/microsoft/powerbi-visuals-histogram/blob/master/LICENSE).
  - The `.pbiviz` file was extracted and repackaged from an old Power BI file (`.pbix`).
